Codestyle, citations and contributors (Vladimir) (#3)
unfoldtoolbox/UnfoldDocs: src/developer.md

If this is the first time you work with this repository, follow the instructions below to clone the repository and create a `dev` version. 

!!! tip "`dev` version of a Julia package"

>     Having a `dev` (development) version of a Julia package allows you to import a local version of the package with your changes instead of the registered package version (which is static). Remeber, that could be changes in the code which are not yet registered. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Having a `dev` (development) version of a Julia package allows you to import a local version of the package with your changes instead of the registered package version (which is static). Remember, there could be changes merged in the main-branch, that are not yet in any registered version. 
```

### Revise.jl
Further, we recommend to use [`Revise.jl`](https://github.com/timholy/Revise.jl): a Julia package which allows you to track source code changes in a running Julia session without need to restart it and reload the package.

> Potential usage: you made changes in the code, but the output of function did not change. 

Reviewer: I dont understand this

Reviewer 2: Me neither. Also, the sentence before was intended to explain why one should use it.
